Samsung Phone Batteries Are Exploding Again, Here Are Models The To Avoid

Bad news for Samsung phone users.

The Korean phone maker has had this problem since 2006 with reports that the Galaxy Note 7 models were exploding. The model was eventually banned on Airlines and in public places.

In 2021, a Samsung Galaxy A21 phone overheated and began sparking forcing an Alaska Airlines flight to initiate an emergency landing.

It seems the smartphone brand continues to have the same issue across all of its models. Smartphone reviewer Mrwhosetheboss revealed that the following models had blown up:

Note 8 released in 2017

Galaxy S6

Galaxy S10 from 2019

Galaxy S8

Galaxy S10E

Galaxy S10 5G

Samsung Foldables

The phone reviewer said that the phones were powered off and in storage when they blew up/expanded. Mrwhosetheboss said:

The phones in question had been powered down they hadn’t been used heavily at all literally just for a few weeks in the year of their release and then a couple of times afterwards when I compared them to subsequent devices and more importantly it hadn’t happened to any other brand this Smartphone shelf that I use has given me the very unique opportunity to be able to store every single phone in the exact same environment with the exact same space constraints the same clipping mechanism, the same temperature and so I double. triple check the other phones and every iPhone was working every Asus phone was working every Google phone was working. The only conclusion that I could come to was that the UK had recently just had a heat wave at the time perhaps the room temperature got a little too high and the Samsung phones just happened to be a little more susceptible to changes in temperature.

He said that his assumption that the batteries had blown up because of the temperature was debunked when a fellow reviewer posted a tweet saying they had experienced the same. He then sought the opinion of another reviewer saying that it was the electrolyte liquid causing the battery to blow. Mrwhosetheboss said:

What he’s saying is that it’s the electrolyte, the liquid that ions move within inside the battery that allows it to function and to be stable that’s decomposing and releasing a gaseous substance.

He ends the video by advising Samsung phone owners not to panic by saying:

I don’t think you need to panic yet this problem can be very serious but it’s much more likely to occur when you leave your phone for long periods of time and you can also somewhat mitigate it by storing it at closer to 50 as opposed to letting it drain entirely and storing it while the battery’s flat.

You can watch the full review below:

Follow Us on Google News for Immediate Updates